## Building Login system

ref:
https://reader.codaisseur.com/courses/backend-bootcamp/04-advanced-apis/04-jwt

**Add the library jsonwebtoken as a dependency to your project:**

    `npm install jsonwebtoken`

To make sure someone else cannot forge our signatures, we use a secret key.

In our case, we just make up a random string (const secret in the code below).

Of course secret keys should not go into Github (it's fine in this case), so that's why we first set it to be equal to an `env` variable we could configure in the hosting of our server, so it's not exposed to the public.

**Create a `auth/` directory and the file `jwt.js`**

**In the router folder configure the login path on the file `auth.js` with the something like this:**

    const { Router } = require('express')
    const { toJWT, toData } = require('../auth/jwt')

    const router = new Router()

    router.post('/login', async (req, res, next) => {
      // Here goes the login logic.
    })

    module.exports = router

In your index.js make sure you require and .use the file 'routers/auth.js' in the '/auth' endpoint so that the route is accessible by "/auth/login".

**HAshing password on database**
ref.:
https://reader.codaisseur.com/courses/backend-bootcamp/04-advanced-apis/05-hashing-passwords

Never store a password in plain text in your database.

A great solution is bcrypt. It's one of the most recommended algorithms by modern security experts. Bcrypt provides two functions: one to convert a password into an unreadable "hash" string, and another to check if a password matches a hash.

Install `bcrypt` and import it in `router/user.js`

    `npm install bcrypt`

In our `signup` endpoint on user.js we need to transform our incoming password (req.body.password) using the hashSync function

And in our `signin` endpoint on auth.js we need use bcrypt function to verify the password

Import on both files:

    //Import bcrypt algorithm.
    const bcrypt = require("bcrypt");

** Now CREATE some users and images with the user.js and image.js routers with Httpie**:

Start your server:

    npx nodemon index.js

    http -v POST :4000/users email=gui@gui.com password=123 fullName="Guilherme Cortes"

    http -v POST :4000/images title="Beach The Hague" url=https://dutchreview.com/wp-content/uploads/TheBeautyTheHague-1-3.jpg
